doc: Refactor PPP documentation to use standard commands (#310)
nrfconnect/ncs-serial-modem: doc/app/at_ppp.rst

Reviewer: Should we add a note to the beginning of this page that it is recommended to use standard `AT+CGDATA` instead of proprietary `AT#XPPP`?
And same in CMUX page for `AT+CMUX` vs. `AT#XCMUX`?

Control PPP #XPPP
=================

.. note::

>    ``AT#XPPP`` is a compatibility command for Serial Modem 1.0 and older and is not recommended for new designs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``AT#XPPP`` is a compatibility command for Serial Modem v1.x.x and is not recommended for new designs.
```
